# DarkCodex
Mod for Pathfinder: Wrath of the Righteous

:construction: <span style="color:red">**This mod is under development! Some features are untested and work not properly, cause crashes, or corrupt your save.**</span> :construction:

Disclaimers
-----------
* This mod will affect your save! Uninstalling it will break your save.
* I do not take any responsibility for broken saves or any other damage. Use this software at your own risk.
* Please DON'T REPORT BUGS you encounter to Owlcat Games while mods are active.
* BE AWARE that all mods are WIP and may fail.

Installation
-----------
* You will need [Unity Mod Manager](https://www.nexusmods.com/site/mods/21).
* Follow the installation procedure (tl;dr; select game, select folder, press install).
* Download a release or rebuild your own [https://github.com/Truinto/DarkCodex/releases](https://github.com/Truinto/DarkCodex/releases).
* Switch to the mod tab and drop the zip file into the manager.

Contact
-----------
@Fumihiko me on the Owlcat Pathfinder discord: [https://discord.com/invite/wotr](https://discord.com/invite/wotr)

Content
-----------
General.patchAngelsLight - increase temporary HP from 1 to character level
General.createAbilityFocus - basic feat: ability focus to increase DC of one ability by +2 (untested)
Items.patchArrows - recollect cold iron arrows after combat (untested)
Items.patchTerendelevScale - Terendelev's Scale can be used once daily (untested, but should work)
Rogue.createExtraRogueTalent - basic feat: extra rogue talent (untested)
Mythic.createLimitlessBardicPerformance - mythic feat: bardic performances cost no resources (untested)
Mythic.createLimitlessWitchHexes - mythic feat: hexes ignore the cooldown (untested)
Witch.createCackleActivatable - cackle/chant give an activatable ability that uses move action passively (tested in turn based)
Witch.createIceTomb - hex: ice tomb (untested, probably doesn't work?)
Hexcrafter.fixProgression - hexcrafter can select hex with any arcana and get spell recall at level 11 (tested)
Kineticist.createExtraWildTalentFeat - kineticist extra wild talent (tested)
Kineticist.patchGatherPower - kineticist gather power can be used manually (tested)
Kineticist.patchDarkElementalist - kineticist soul power can be used repeatably on the same creatures (untested)
Kineticist.createKineticistBackground - regional background: that grants +1 kineticist level for the purpose of feat prerequisits (tested)
Kineticist.createMobileGatheringFeat - basic feat: mobile gathering (tested)
Kineticist.createImpaleInfusion - infusion: impale (tested earth)

FAQ
-----------
Q: I don't like feature X, can you remove it? \
A: The ingame menu has a list of all patches. You can click them and restart the game to effectively get rid of any feature. This might cause issues with the save, if you already picked feats which are generated by said patch. In case the menu is not up to date, you can also read the patch names from the log and add them manually in the settings.json file. You can disable a whole category with the asterisk symbol like so "General.*".

Q: Can you make feature X? \
A: At the moment I have enough ideas to fill out my coding hobby. If the scope is small or it is directly related to one of my existing features, then go ahead a open a Github ticket.

Q: I cannot find my question in the FAQ, what now? \
A: Ask me about it :smile:
